More usage details (#3)
HollowayGuides/hconfig: README.md

The CLI automatically detects the output format based on the file extension.
Input can be either JSON or YAML.

## Library usage

Equivalent library usage of the CLI command above is the following

```python
import hconfig

hconfig.merge_files("out.json", "in.json", "in2.json")
```

## Macros

> Hconfig supports functional macros like [AWS CloudFormation](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSCloudFormation/latest/UserGuide/intrinsic-function-reference.html) templates, these are the ones available:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Hconfig supports functional macros in a style similar to those used in [AWS CloudFormation](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSCloudFormation/latest/UserGuide/intrinsic-function-reference.html) templates. Currently supported macros:
```
